name: Namaste Packers and Movers
theme red type theme
our sercices: corporate Moving, Packing and Boxing, International Moving, vehiche Transport-> bike transport, car transport, minivan transport, truck transport
residential shifting: flat shifting, house shifting, renters room shifting


branches:
blog:
gallery
contact us


about: Welcome To
Namaste Packers And Movers
Namaste Packers and Movers is one of the best logistic companies in Kathmandu Valley. We provide shifting services like dissembling, handling, boxing, packing, carrying, transporting, delivering, and assembling valuable goods for our customers. Namaste Packers and Movers is a professional and licensed company extending service within the city, across the country, and abroad. 

Ever since its establishment, Namaste Packers and Movers has focused on providing proficient and customer-satisfaction services for packing and moving. We aim to provide a very reliable and hassle-free service to our valuable customers. Our hard-working, friendly, and dynamic team members are ready to provide proficient service to our customers. We keep updating ourselves with new technologies and adopting better techniques for handling and moving goods efficiently and safely. 

request for service to mail directly through form: name, email, phone Number, move from location, move to location, mm/dd/yy, questions/ message


City Wise Links:
 Namaste Packers and Movers - New Baneshwor, Kathmandu
 Packer & movers at Balaju, Kathmandu
 Packer & movers at Biratnagar Morang
 Packer & Movers at Butwal
 Packer & Movers at Chabahil, Kathmandu
 Packer & Movers at Chitwan
 Packer & movers at Dharan
 Packer & Movers at Hallanchowk, Pokhara
 Packer & Movers at Hetauda
 Packer & movers at Sallaghari, Bhaktapur
 Packer & Movers at Satdobato, Lalitpur
 Packers & Movers at Janakpur
 Packers & Movers at New Baneshwor, Kathmandu?

 Our Services
Residential Shifting
Corporate Moving
Renters Room Shifting
International Moving
Vehicle Transport
Bike Transport
Packing and Boxing
Company Information

About Us
Our Team
Contact Us
Kathmandu-32, Kalanki, Nepal
Phone : +9779851226669
Email : Namastepackersnepal@gmail.com
We Accept

© 2011 - 2026 All rights reserved. Namaste Packers and Movers. Developed By:Prabesh Dahal

at top searching for: 
gmail, whatsapp call



get a quote: name, num, move to , move from , question msg, email , month date year:You can request a quotation via the form below.
email: namestepackersmovers@gmail.com

and at the top where ever i am there should be below the nav like this: Home » Services » Flat-shifting » Packing and Boxing